yeah oh my gosh it's episode 41 of
hotline league it is gonna be a good one
because Marcus salty briny and cringy on
that the starting of the show he's he's
coming off at analyst s he was he was
talking about some tie breakers and now
he's gonna want a ton so you're gonna
get that but not just him we've also got
Tony on the show Tony from seal G well
no not anymore we're gonna talk to him
about that and what his future is all
that and more starting right now
starting right now
hot line League is brought to you by
open by HP and we're back the show is
starting
before I get into sleep totally
everybody's just freaking on to it staff
from that opening mark how are you buddy
yeah and it's really sad because wow
came out right as I got really busy yeah
other than that great we are the
tiebreakers today that didn't decide
shit they were good the ice they drew in
the exact order they ended we could have
just drawn and moved on all right I
would have I would have gone there and
interview people but I just I literally
didn't know what I would talk to people
about okay so yeah I don't think the
players cared they played really bad to
everyone pretty terrible really well I
mean like I shouldn't say I didn't care
but like you could feel that it was like
this is not what they usually play like
you got up to Eric just twitch prime sub
he was the guy that called me a little
bit ago uh tony is also here Tony how
you been it's been a couple weeks since
we've heard from you well I've been
great yeah yeah I've just been relaxing
I get a early offseason early off
something yeah could is there no chance
for you to tag in no there's no chance
for me to tag in but that's ok ok you
know you get only a little earlier than
the team though yeah two weeks but but
you get so you can't join a different
team as a coach or an analyst
so if I was to join a different team
I could technically be the head coach of
like even a team that goes to worlds but
I wouldn't be recognized by Riot as the
head coach so I could never go on stage
okay so you couldn't technically be the
head coach so I yeah so I couldn't be
recognized by Riot but I could
technically be the head coach
how could you technically be it if they
won't recognize it it's the opposite of
technically by the organization I would
be recognized as the head coach but not
by riot
yeah I think my anyway but you could you
could be a consultant or an analyst or
like yeah there are teams out there who
really respect you and would be
potentially wanting to pick you up right
now to help give them a boost in
playoffs yeah that there's a there's
been interest in certain teams I'm not
gonna say which ones but there has been
interest like for that are you going to
are you considered like do you want to
just take the rest of the season off or
does that interest you uh I'm pretty
open to everything right now to like see
to see which teams like which other
teams want to do it I've only heard back
from think half of the teams that we've
approached so I'm still waiting to hear
back I mean everything is still pretty
busy for everyone else because they're
not offseason all right um so yeah it's
pretty much like a really long waiting
period for me to like understand what
exactly my future looks like okay well I
am excited to see what your future looks
like I have to I have to imagine I mean
mark if you were head coach of a team
wouldn't you be wanting to bring Tony
into the fold a little bit for playoffs
or for world I could use my fucking job
well just you put them under a
consulting thing or something yeah but I
mean like I wasn't very confident with
like my standing in my own organization
I'd be like yeah I bring Tony in that
press is my owner I mean what if you're
the GM you're not
head coach oh yeah for sure okay okay
well Tony can you move your mic just a
little bit further back we're getting a
lot of your breathing I think it's
actually with the highlight of the show
for me so far yeah oh is that happening
the whole time a little bit well it's
just you know when you get I start
asking you stressful questions and
you're just a little bit more you know a
little bit more breath you know it's
just it gets a little bit more hot and
heavy yeah all right
well other than that I before we get
into the hot topics which we kind of
already did but so I hit 115 today mark
where are you at yeah yeah I've been
busy I was in Vegas last week
yeah busier than me I'm I I'm not a lot
of my free time is consumed with other
activities wanking Wow I'm 115 but I
also level the Drude to 30 because I I
don't know I I want to be 120 I was
hoping to get it tonight before the
reset on world quest or whatever but I
didn't any get there in time so I'll
just probably give up get to 120 tonight
if I can yeah uh Tony what level are you
you're setting me up right now
oh I setting you up so I'm currently
what is the max you can get very high
level uh the highest is 349 all right
well you can get titan-forged whatever
right 355 but that's like yeah yeah you
get like one piece of that if you're
super lucky the person with the highest
eye level is 349 right now though yeah
though in the game okay
well I'm looking forward to having you
carrying me through mythic stuff when I
get there yes I let you all my show Tony
I gave you all that promotion it was a
big advertisement for your services and
now it's time for you to pay the tab
Travis seems like the kind of guy to
focus on pet battles with a new
expansion comes out
just rattle to dote all this new content
what about the pets pets are important
you guys both have pets I don't have any
pets by the way so wait you definitely
do if you've played any talking about
IRL you didn't like there's a cat behind
Tony you're screaming at a cat every
episode that's just how our relationship
is all right don't judge it you'll see
you in the cat meows a lot and I yell at
him and then we cuddle relationships
like that before all right let's talk
about legal legends so tiebreakers
worried a mark you said you weren't
impressed with the the play or the
performance of any other teams no I
think like and I can understand it like
it there's a lot of reasons that it
wasn't gonna be the highest quality
gameplay one like you're you're all
still in quarterfinals you're not really
fighting to improve that much it's only
about who you're playing against it's on
Monday so it's a little weird it's like
late in the day starting at 3:00 you
have to play two games you've probably
Slyke I saw Tommy sweet and I didn't
think about it at first but you probably
scrim these guys a little bit in the
past like week yeah and you don't want
to show anything else off so I think
like there were a lot of reasons people
did not end up playing their best today
and it was just like I mean we had a
fucking like 40 Cal hundred thieves game
I think versus flight West which is like
that's never gonna happen ever in a game
that matters yeah are you sure how's it
happen I don't know like they that was a
game Tony any thoughts on today's tie
breakers uh I watched yeah I mean I
watched some of the matches I had a very
similar feeling to mark I felt like
every team was well usually like teams
throughout the week will prepare like
specifically against the team's a little
practice like I don't know a certain
aspect to the game let's say like mid
control because they're preparing for
optic something like that so if they
prepare like that all week and then they
play against a team that like it doesn't
even make sense like you didn't practice
the right thing to play against that
team
then it's gonna look just fucking
spaghetti because you didn't prepare
anything essentially and you just end up
being forced to play this team and you
might have even screamed them which is
what I said before so like they could
have exactly gotten target man on their
most practice picks like de Monty is a
collie today looks like really really
bad usually the worst I've seen of like
any a collie so far wait did you see
Tuesday's yeah I saw Tuesday's that was
he that was a second time yeah yeah he
played one game in soloqueue went like
okay and he was the champions Opie
enough that he can just do it and then
he said okay I'm just gonna play it I
was like there's a risky choice this a
Belize but yeah I would say the quality
of matches is pretty low mark maybe we
should I want to interview Tony a little
bit here about because I don't think
Tony you've you said anything publicly
since besides you know a tweet or
whatever about your departure but mark
maybe now's a good time for you to throw
the instructions on how the show works
you can start gathering some people
while I talk to Tony and hopefully
attention that chime in when it makes
sense yes before that I am posting in
twitch chat right now the discord server
for people to join up so what you're
gonna want to do is you're gonna want to
click that join the discourse server
when you get here there's pleb calls and
plug calls to you need to join one of
those voice channels and you can mute
yourself once you're in there you don't
need to listen everyone else breathe out
of their mouths and then you're gonna
post your topics whatever you want to
talk about in pleb topics as a text and
try and make sure you oh I guess with
Tony here it's okay to be able to more
question heavy
normally we look for it takes like I
think this stuff is gonna happen but
here if you want to just ask Tony I
think it's much more appropriate so
whatever it is you want to talk about
post away if I like what I see I will
pull you into the waiting room where
when it's your turn I'll go on pull talk
to you really quickly make sure your
microphone works before we pull you into
the room to talk with us there you go
and if you are a subscriber of which
many many of you are think you will be
shutting them out in just a second you
can sync your your twitch account with
your discord
gives you access to a subchannel where
you can pick your questions it gives you
a bit of an edge on the non subs because
it moves a little slower and we check
both so be sure to put your questions in
the sub topics channel if you are
looking to come on in yourself so while
we are all Markus collecting those Tony
what happened why were you on CLG and
then suddenly to the shock and surprise
of many and I don't think a lot I think
a lot of people weren't surprised that
like CLG
decided to make a change after having a
pretty rough year but it felt really
strange to see this in like two weeks
out ahead of the end of the split you
know it it seemed as though it wasn't
like a Tony decision and I I mean it we
haven't really heard from you other than
to say that you really enjoyed your time
as CLG so maybe you can provide sort of
your side of the story as it were I will
be sure to use my my words carefully so
when I speak about this topic but I mean
pretty much the way it goes is similar
to what I said in my tweet which was
like with great power comes great
responsibility like I really felt the
weight of that I guess is that if you're
a team that like even if you're putting
in like number like the number one
effort of any team if you don't have the
right focus and don't get the right
results it doesn't matter right and I
think that's kind of just what it came
down to I think overall the change from
CLG I'm clearly biased in the sense that
like making the change for me I'm always
going to think you know like oh there
could have been a different change
instead but it doesn't really matter too
much I think that the only important
thing is I just take accountability for
like the things that I did it like
improperly or things I could have
improved on and just kind of move on
from it I'm in the leadership position i
100% think that I should take
responsibility for the losses and our
results as a team so
it just yeah I walked in on a typical
Tuesday morning meeting before scrims to
to like usually every single Tuesday
morning we'd catch up and be like okay
well this is how the weekend went this
is like the things that we want to make
sure I want to make sure that we're
working on this week came super prepared
and then pretty much in that meeting
Nick is also in the room and I'm like
okay here we go
and yeah the rest is all over Twitter
okay so we don't have a a cloud 9s video
coming out soon that will no there's no
there's no cameras in the room at least
when I looked around it and you did one
of those here like me I'm like gotta
keep an eye out for this am i getting
pranked yeah that said like you guys all
still seem on good terms because the CLG
Academy playoffs I think I saw like the
entire org there and you were hanging
out and like with them and talking and
everything right well yeah I have like
ever pretty like strong loyalty I guess
to all of my all of my players or like
the people I've worked with
so specifically like all 10 players from
like both teams I'm like super close
with them and I'm gonna make sure that I
like for example after I got kicked I
went to every single LCS game and
Academy playoffs and I plan on going to
the next Academy playoffs game to until
like all of the seasons closed out and
then you know then finally we all kind
of part ways gotcha
what to follow up questions there one is
do you what do you feel you should have
done differently or looking back like do
you have any regrets or errors where you
feel like you let down the team since
obviously this was a decision that
seemingly was made based off of the
performance of the team do you find
yourself being did you look back and
feel like you should have done things
differently or that you were at fault
for how things went down I don't
necessarily regret
any decision I make I try to just kind
of take everything as like a learning
experience so I guess the learning
experience for me this split was trying
to be more like brutally honest I guess
with people about like where they need
to make like vast improvement I think I
did a pretty good job of like giving
everyone a direction and being like very
clear about where they need to be but
not necessarily like telling them
exactly what their weakness is even like
if it's a really really like bad thing I
guess is the way I can put it I think
that um I've seen a lot of other coaches
do it really well I think that I
typically do it well but for whatever
reason to split I think I didn't that
job was in so and then secondly what do
you what do you think and maybe this was
kind of what you were talking about a
second ago but what do you think went
wrong with CLG this split I think that
so when we were five and three I still
remember having a conversation with the
team after the split or after that week
that our mid game was like really like
bad too like it wasn't super decisive in
the sense that we were winning games off
of our plays like if you go back and
watch the games that we had almost
always the games we would just
straight-up win because like a person
overextends we kill that guy we like
full commit enemy team for whatever
reason full commits to try to save
someone and they just all pile in and
die - we get baron and then we just like
close out well that's like how a lot of
our wins actually started when we were
five and three I think at the very very
beginning we were good about about being
decisive and like having good mid game
plans but then it started falling to
like that where it's like mostly about
punishing mistakes which was how we were
getting wins but not necessarily like
forcing the enemy to punish or forcing
the enemy into a position that you can
punish him if that makes sense
yeah after five and three we were like
very vocal about how we can fix our
mid-game talking about roles roles
within the team because we have like
this five community or five shot-caller
communication system which we slowly
kept on like learning more and more
about and I think that in hindsight when
you have five shot colors it's it's just
going to be something that's very
inconsistent because there's no clear
like roles to find by anything so we had
to like constantly work to define what
the roles were and people had to just
make sure that they were consistently
doing their jobs what I would say is I
think that like in the end there was a
lot of losses due to either people not
doing their jobs people doing too many
jobs or us just not being on the same
page
overall like all five people just not
listening to one call overall and that
kind of affected our confidence I think
once we went 0 to the next week after
that we I think we didn't we didn't have
like a hearing issue or something so he
didn't even practice like half of the
scripts that week and we used Ray during
that week and the games were like either
like Ray would do like really well in
some of the games and then he would do
like he would like really mess up and
then not do super hot so it's like kind
of like 50/50 like overall Hugh's doing
pretty well for a rookie but then our
games were like clearly showing to be
better at Whedon so we decided even you
know after the 0 - we're gonna play this
creation again even though he has you
know half the week or half the week of
practice and then read half the week
because we saw better results and
overall we played and we played the main
roster again and then we just kind of
saw the same medium issues and then at
that point it's a question of Wow well
we only had half a week of screams of
region right and it's hard to make a
call of like
is it right to then make changes or not
basically based on the roster and it's
it's I don't know it was a decision that
in the moment with that context made it
hard to make the proper decision you
know and when you say ray you mean
wiggling yeah yeah sure so yeah I'd say
that there's a lot of missing context I
guess that doesn't clearly explain why
decisions were made and why like the
community is really confused yeah that's
I guess that's where I'll leave it up
sure mark any thoughts before we move on
to callers or anything you want to talk
about nope I mean if we don't get to it
in collars I wouldn't mind just a brief
time for us to talk about all the teams
that are dead like we won't be staying
for the rest of the year so I don't know
if that's now or or after caller is just
at Donna well you have a hard house so
we have to we have to get through some
color as quick as you've said so I just
asked what you want you know that's what
I'm saying is like wheat we got if you
if we're gonna bring that conversation
up we should we should go through the
colors quick all right you call is that
yes wait did we did you think I needed
something else I don't know oh no let's
just let's just go through colors and
then we'll try and grab it at the end
and we were on the same page there was
just some confusion yeah speaking of
colors I wanted to waiting-room these to
unmute themselves
I can't once you're in the waiting room
you should you should undef ensues not
on mute so I can talk to you you need to
hear mark talk to ya all right here we
go
the Jo city arrow tempest for two months
real foxy gifted us up to double lift
both X plot it blow flex body five
months might a gift to the sub to
Washington Post Captain dirty CG shadow
Jedi mace for months you are the goat
Travis Ryer own arrow and I know 1992
standard
oh yeah Noi Noi the night third three
three three I love you 6 2015 MSG squeak
the week resub for six months and says I
forgot to cancel again blah okay
Aggie is here eggy where you calling
from calling from Texas West Texas West
oh no I'm just kidding it's not Joe but
I am calling from West West Texas okay
what hell is West Texas it's it's quite
nice yeah not too bad really hot quite
unfortunate there's really nothing to do
here besides you know play League of
Legends and watch this show gotcha
well glad glad that the show can help
you out living in West Texas I drove
through there and it was empty
um what do you want to talk about us
tonight I wanted to talk about reapered
and his coaching decision and how that
helps any teams get a more Korean
mindset when it comes to players and how
we don't have this starter lineup that
is a five man roster only and how this
can actually turn into a ten man roster
and it helps na world and international
competition so the performance is not so
predictable and it can actually pull
games off of a lot of other teammates so
your take is Reaper reapered put the
West on a better better place in North
America specifically because they he
opened up and really more than maybe any
other team took advantage of the tin man
roster concept exactly and I wanted to
get six thoughts on these as well and
how he thinks this handout as well yeah
what do you think I think it's really
good I think that uh what Reaper did
this split was brave in a sense that
like you know obviously every single fan
and redditor was fully against it and
doing something that goes away where it
goes against the grain is definitely
always gonna be brave but I think that
it was a good place to move forward I
think the concept of having a ten man
roster is super important because having
like an academy team and a main team
like that separation I think is kind of
unhealthy if you're gonna like some
people into now okay
and it's like a feeling of like getting
replaced rather than you're kind of like
working with your other like member
ideally right you have like quarterbacks
the quarterbacks are gonna like teach
each other how did like I don't know
simplifying it throw better right and
then if you have that dynamic and
they're actually like creating healthy
discussion it's got always going to be
better than if it's like you know my
like the main team Academy or the main
team mid laner and the Academy mid laner
are like kind of having their own
strategies not really sharing and then
they're just competing for the spot I
think that that's less good overall then
if they're you know combining their wits
and working together to actually become
better like the way that Griffin uses
there's there's six man roster for
example okay cool so what are your
thoughts on per say for example a team
like TSM I'm from what I'm reading is
like a bad example to do that with
because then you would have you know one
of like the most highly thought of mid
laners competing for a spot with like a
blaze olive which I don't think is a
like a valid argument to make but which
is that something that you mean it would
be like bad well I think like the idea
of competing for the spot is something
that like scenes currently struggling
with a lot cuz like you hear the media
say like it feels like you're training
your replacement or whatever but I think
to zix's point a lot of way of saying
was like if they feel more integrated
it's not always like you're training
this guy's gonna replace you or like
that you are getting benched for this
other guy you know it should be like
someone is pushing beer and helping him
and Bugis helping this guy and both them
are getting better yeah and they have
that feeling that like they're going to
win it as a team rather than like I'm
gonna lose my spot like it should always
be like fully about the team
like for example using Griffin like
Griffin Jovian rather like they don't
really care which games they plan they
just want their team to win and they
help each other like constantly I think
rather is the actual like captain of the
team but he's like often subbing himself
out for Toby today he'll play because he
like helps Toby like win and that's how
he wants to see his team win awesome
1c9 example I think what's interesting
is like Golding bluestack is that like
an all-time high due to this like he was
someone who I think people were about
ready to give up on and they're like oh
my God why did C and I pick them up we
always hear about screaming golden god
but it never works out and then like it
actually worked out this time which is
crazy and if the whole team is
succeeding and you're a part of that
then like you you get to it's like
rising tide raises all ships kind of
idea but it's hard to get that out of
your mouth like the idea of I'm getting
benched out of you out of your head
awesome I just wanted to ask if you were
in Reapers position six would you have
made that call or what do you think do
you think you have the balls to make
that happen or would you just kind of go
through with it
so looking at the so so when I was
looking at a lot of the interviews that
like Reaper did before making that
decision like kind of just like
wondering why he would even like go
those links cuz I think that if it was
just me alone right and Reaper choose
and I had no other like coaching staff
alongside me then maybe I would just I
would just exist within the team I think
when you're with a team for such a long
amount of time like reapered was the
only reason why at least from my memory
the only reason why I recruit actually
made this decision was because rapidstar
said to him something about how like the
team doesn't have like a good
environment for winning right like you
guys this outside perspective that comes
in and tells you the way your team
functions isn't good right so if I'm in
if I'm in reapered shoes maybe I do make
that same call because I have somebody
from an outside perspective coming in
and telling me that you know that the
team's environment is not conducive of
like a winning team environment right
and I think that that outside
perspective for reapered was clearly
like a very big change in like a big
reason why the decision was made so I
don't know maybe maybe I would make that
decision if I was put in his shoes
because from his point of view it was
somebody that just came in and told him
pretty much that the chin he thinks the
change would be good and then I think I
think that reapered definitely does have
the balls and deserves the credit for
making the
I'm not sure how many percent if I would
make the change in that in that position
or not cool awesome awesome get
appreciate your thoughts hey thank you
so much for calling in
eggie Thank you Thank You Travis have a
good one and thanks for bringing a
twitch sub alright moving on to a plug
well add I'm glad already you've already
figured it out Tony you've got it all
figured out guys I just got to tell you
I got to tell you we have a sponsor for
the show tonight
a sponsor that's been with us for a very
long time very near and dear to my heart
I've got omen gaming set up behind me
I'm running this all on omen omen stuff
and I got to tell you really love their
support they've been supporting the show
for quite some time Tony you can't see
he's wearing an omen hat which I do not
have and would like he's also wearing an
omen sweater which I do not have and
would like very he's actually he's
supporting the show right now and
supporting our sponsor which I really
appreciate mark see with the omen
headset it's just an omen house here on
hot line League episode 41 know what
that was mark but I'm showing how
durable it is look at that stress test
yeah that was stressed me out for sure
all right
oh let's talk a little bit so omen by
the way they have been the eSports pace
for a couple years now as they sort of
popped up as a brand under HP they
realized the value of competitive gaming
and supporting competitive gaming they
sponsor CLG Tony's former employer they
sponsor cloud9 a team that will be
moving on into playoffs
unlike CLG and they sponsor this show
which is not as popular as some other
shows but they still sponsor 18 play so
we really appreciate that they do a
whole lot of different stuff in the
eSports space they got stuff going all
the time they just announced omens squad
which is their support of smaller
streamers which is something I love
about them is this shows an example of
that omen squad rezoning an example of
that they don't just go and
sponsor the hottest sexiest stuff out
there they come in and help out on a
grassroots level so I just really
appreciate their support if you
appreciate their support of this show
please go follow them on Twitter take a
look at their new video I did an
interview with bio frost that we turned
into a pretty big show around him that's
on their YouTube channel you can go
check it out drop a comment on there
saying that you appreciate it you like
it give any feedback you want I just
really appreciate all the stuff that
they are doing for hotline ly again for
our show so thank you so much - owned by
HP for everything you're doing in
eSports and that's that's their sponsor
plug for the day you just say that we
weren't one of the hot sexy shows and
useful like that what you implied with
that phrasing yeah mark is he is on the
show come on Travis look at this look at
this background you have that screams
sexy sexy yeah yeah there's a cat above
Tony's head yeah I guess you're right
yep okay thank goodness
techno do 1997 reset for six months
petia scoffs sobbed for four months
Matea gifted subtly rebel comm
subscribed for seven months
I am Elvis reset for six months hotline
link is the best relationship I'm
guaranteed at least 20 minutes of
watching people try to figure out the
webcams every show equalizer top
kilimanjaro 11 real foxy give to the
substitute Infowars live which is
terrifying i revenge 3 i Trev BOTS mad
fishy for 5 months and so much more will
be getting to those in just a second
we've got champloo here is a champ Leo
or shampoo shampoo I don't have you have
you ever seen hot line leak come on I
don't I don't watch anime we've we don't
we don't do that here thanks so much for
being a twitch sub where you calling
from Orlando Florida Orlando Florida we
do seem to get a lot of South Florida
folks in in
show so what is Loki a gaming hub yeah
oh yeah
what house Orlando right now is it hot
yeah we have like two seasons it's
called summer and then two weeks of
winter gotcha okay well thanks for
suffering through it did you get a
chance to go to spring finals
no I was actually in Mexico at that time
so sorry all right
well what do you want to talk about on
the show tonight so my thing is about
coaching and practice methodologies and
one of these is kind of a question I'm
not sure if this feature works very well
but I wanted to know if anybody had
tried or thought of using chrono break
in their practices so as an example you
have a team fight around Baron you
didn't set up vision correctly so some
like someone gets picked and then you
just chrono break back to the same exact
situation coach up your players and then
repeat a scenario I would love that yeah
right now the technology only exists on
like tournament land servers so it's not
like this is a hidden feature on live
online tournament room service it's like
exclusively that I believe it's actually
on online tournament room servers
because yeah it is they chrono breaks
your Academy game but presumably Ryan is
the only one that has to switch right
you you've been in a Chronos brilliant
definitely not
fruity are like when you're screaming
they don't they don't have it like you
don't have it available as a team that's
all I can say right so obviously this
technology is super like riot controlled
and I'm probably for good reason but I
only thought they had it for land but
then I realized when you guys had your
power go out they chrono broke your game
I'm pretty sure and then you guys came
to the studio and finished it
yeah I believe so they do have it for
online TR so now the only thing we need
to do is get that out of only riots
hands and give give it to Tony yeah I
mean that would be good
you would also be good as like having a
5v5 practice tool we're having like a
1v1 practice tool like anything
I actually think on it and I could be
totally wrong VM is one of the things
that pisses engineers off more than
anything else is when people speculate
on how their own code base operates and
then you just like come up with not
possible possibilities and it's just
really fucking annoying so like I know
that and I'm gonna do it anyways I think
based off what I know of the two
software's I think it would be easier to
get chrono break and like give chrono
brake lessons to coaching staff on how
to use the tool it might be easier to do
that than to change how the practice
Tool Works yeah it probably would be the
promise I don't know like you have to
wonder are do they what would that look
like how would they have to it because
there's authentication issues there
right like who gets access to be able to
chrono break stuff like is there just
one like user that logs in and can
chroma break everything because you
probably don't want to be handing that
out willy-nilly to coaches Tony seems
like a great guy but there's some
coaches out there I want to have that
much power go you could like they make
you sign NDA's and stuff like I believe
with the inclusion of the franchising
system and all the legality stuff like
you could be threatened to be banned for
life if you fuck this up like I think
they should be able to prevent it the
technology's there so I actually like
the weight chrono braking works it's not
really what people think where it's like
yeah you just rewind the existing game
or something it like actually replays
the game right it remakes the game and
then replay it like Rhian puts you in
the spot yeah it what they did was they
change the game to be deterministic so
many years ago so like all the RNG stuff
is actually like replicatable and then
they'll replicate
exact same game and then you join up
that game that already exists yeah so
it's a little different technology but
for the sake of coaching if you could
get that in the hands of Tony and other
guy I think that would be yeah well I'm
just using Tony's an example that would
probably be one of the best improvements
that we've gotten with practice ever
probably more useful than the practice
to about not understand how I'm doing is
something like that Tony so the only
issue then would be with the teams that
you scream with either one you'd have to
you know like make an agreement with
that team that you know we're gonna
Crona break every fight and play it five
times right which is like well that's
got me to an efficient unheard-of right
so like for example you'd probably end
up using it more like your Academy team
and this would be something that would
actually enable you to like actually use
your Academy team like more like with
purpose because you control the
environment a lot more if you're with
your academy team because you can pick
you can tell them what champions they
pick and like those kind of like details
for example you could scrim the whole
week against a team that doesn't even
play the same champions that you know
you're gonna play against in the weekend
there's nothing you can do about it
right and that would be a way that using
your academy team plus having this would
make it so you know you could practice
team fighting over and over and over
against the same champions that you
expect to play against and I would be
really really good I think yeah exists
but it's not currently in our Hannibal
yeah how do you guys have it okay I was
gonna say that kind of led into like my
second thought on that and how you run
practices I know
echo Fox tried the whole scrim team
thing well that was a meme or not
don't know what I was thinking another
thing maybe you could kind of do is if
you have an academy team that's actually
good and worth playing against you could
have more of an active coaching style
because as far as I know right now
coaching is more retroactive so you play
out the game and then
once the game ends you review it and you
go over things is that kind of how
things happen right now
ah for the most part yes yeah I feel
there's a lot of a lot of like small
things that you can actually do like
reminding people in game if they're
missing if they're skipping step or
something like that you can like quickly
like say it out loud like coach them
through it like okay this step and that
step in this step and that step and then
just like if they skipped one you just
you just say it out loud and they're
like oh you know shit and then you
already know that you're gonna talk
about that as soon as the postgame it
it's like okay we won't skip that so we
shouldn't do that so I was thinking like
with your Academy team you could pause
games and kind of like actively coach
right then I'm just going off of like my
own experiences and sports is like if I
mess something up it's like I don't wait
for like that whole drill to be over I
get coached on it immediately so yeah
we've we've done things like that but
like I said before because of the
because you're constantly screaming
against a teen or like another team
there's a lot of like practice etiquette
rules that are like set up that I think
are completely fair which is just like
pausing without reason is a little
disrespectful if you're like screaming
another team if you're doing against
your Academy team I mean we'll pause
will remake drafts to make sure they're
playing like similar champions to like
what we want to play against there's a
lot of different things you can just do
with your academy team and I think that
it's gonna be something that that grows
with more time I mean I think c9 is kind
of really unlocking like the Academy
like player like just people being open
to actually using them now and I think
that everything's gonna go with that
direction I I heard it's a freaking
freaks right a freaking freaks actually
like primarily screams with their their
sister team something like that I forget
I think it might be them but there was
always back in the day Samsung wives
have some blue stories that I always
tell about how like they've almost
almost exclusively screamed each other
my question Tony would be if you do get
this tool which is all hypothetical
obviously what do you think is like the
right ratio because in league with how
importance like how important like what
your
practicing is like would you only scrim
people to get exposed to new things
potentially you're like what would how
would you think you would break up your
practice ideally think that's that's a
really hard question either no prior
practice oh yeah I'd probably say that
almost for sure the last day of the week
would always be with your academy team
because they would give you the best
direct practice of like what is likely
to be emulated on stage so that you feel
the most comfortable running you know
certain movements or certain following
certain patterns if a team goal always
goes for a top dive you can tell your
Academy team okay practice top dives
this this set and then we're gonna try
to counter it you know to the best of
our ability like that kind of stuff so I
would say for sure at least the last
game is going to be your Academy team
and then maybe more experimental or like
similar style teams during the week so
maybe like anywhere between 25 to 50%
with your Academy team and then the rest
with either like similar stylistic teams
to your opponent if you can find them
hey thank you so much shampoo for your
call
thanks for having me on moving on to the
next caller I've got a couple more
people to shut out I think we were here
maybe at Reb bot mad fishy for five
months as a freak glue cumin Luke's on
it two months brundin Finnegan
for four months too classy for lagunas
we just hit seven months bramble vest
raging pianist paddle Wacha
chessy yes and then a blood spoink just
donated $5 double if says Tony loves
macaroni is this true or false
yeah we've got a door on the show as
oars or not this is a great question
Azure were you calling from
I'm calling I'm calling from Alhambra
California Oh Hamburg California is
that's near Los Angeles I think right
very Asian populated area okay
and I don't know why we needed the
racial demographic of that I it's a 66
okay you know what whatever what do you
have to talk about on the show tonight
oh sure I would like to ask six Lowell
if you would ever go coach in the ljl
because I hear that the community there
is great and they're really big fans of
anime and manga and I think it would be
a great opportunity for him to go coach
and bring in ljl teams for worlds so
what about it Tony would you ever go
overseas for coaching offers
specifically I'll jail
specifically ljl not know that's it
nothing else you don't have it you you
know you know so much about Tony
you could you could really roast them
looking well hey thank you so much for
calling again Lauren really appreciate
twitch chat thought that your girlfriend
was a kid kid and then once they found
out it was a girl they sir yeah all
right we went on to the next color
actually I need to check I think there's
a desk that just finished getting built
in my living room I don't know if we can
show this oh my gosh
how you doing mark oh it seemed that oh
he's in the other call this is awkward
guys yeah
look there's a desk that nefeli just
finished
Wow isn't that great Wow
easy clatter Oh be easy claps in the
chat yeah
Travis is apparently building his room
at world peace thank you for joining us
we're you awake congratulations Hingham
congratulate you to employed might might
who does all my twitch art and my subs
my living room while the show was going
on she was the former CLG intern I don't
think Tony recognizes her at all I do
do you recognize Amanda yeah okay
dude you're not gonna say hi or anything
it's just so awkward
I mean I'm not sure I agree with that in
world peace is here Oh enrolled piece
thank you for being at which put sub
where are you calling from I'm calling
from San Diego California hey I'm from
San Diego from Carlsbad area Carlsbad to
me a clue where are you where abouts in
San Diego are you are you actually in
San Diego prime San Diego prime I'm in
Mira Mesa Pallo area nice very good what
do you want to talk about on the show
tonight I wanted to talk to use
accessory knows about the league
community perception of him being in the
early game coach right I want to know
you know because because that can also
backfire like is with you being
pigeon-holed as an early game coach and
some people might just think like oh
well we could just get him as an analyst
but you know not be the head coach so I
wonder what your thoughts were on that
and then I also wanted to speculate kind
of some
good pairings with you if let's say you
were just an analyst in the early game
guy you pair well with a hundred thieves
I don't you know I don't know how
probably would be ok with that maybe you
could work together and afro moves
seemed to be a good pairing with your
style and then the other one would be
echo fox kind of needs a coach so I
think it'd be interesting you could be a
head coach there but yeah mainly how do
you feel about being pigeon-holed as mr.
early game mr. early game I think the
funniest thing about my job has always
been that uh everyone just really tries
to like guess exactly like what I do
based on like based on what the team
does or like how the team performed so
like for example when I played with
African red when I was there not played
with Y when I coached after me every
every single person said Wow
Tony's mid game is the strongest any
coach in the whole league right but not
a single person would say that right now
because there's just we haven't
performed well in the mid game Brent so
to say essentially that I'm strictly an
early game which is kind of just looking
at the results and just saying that
which is fine I guess but I'd say that
if I was to assess myself I would say
that I'm equally good in early game as I
am in mid game as far as like
understanding of the game so I wouldn't
really ever say that I am exactly just
specifically an early game coach maybe I
have a strengths over others in the
early game that was about to follow up
with was I feel like I watch level ones
and like so rarely do people try things
yeah I'm like I would get it if it was
like all right it's like the regular
season with five like I'm not really
looking to cheese out a win here but
then like even in playoffs you rarely
see anyone do anything cool for the
level one yeah and it always felt like
you guys did have that stuff so I didn't
know if that was just like in comparison
your early game it's because I'm like
scar and I always talk about gaga dilg's
first five minutes always looks smart
yeah was it inside of them so the one
thing I will say is that I think that
other coaches just straight-up aren't
looking to abuse level one we're looking
to abuse early game and like a lot of
teams currently do very very predictable
things in the early game every game and
it is abusable so it should be abused
and if you're gonna win a game off of it
is it really cheese if you just like use
your brain to beat an opponent I don't I
don't think so right yeah I saw an
academy game where a pipe took a level
one this is red side pop barren wall and
then the enemy team then the rest of his
team wrapped around through lane and
then came down river to try and like
push the guy out a river into his blue
buff ramp and then the guy who hopped
the wall waited for his cooldown to come
back up and then could use it to use the
pikey to try and get a flash or a kill
on that guy and I was like oh that
sounds like a pike specific thing is how
many champions have like mobility and
hard CC level one I was like actually
there's like a fair amount of course
that can do that and like I literally
have not seen it in Academy or pro since
then and I was like wait this looks free
as fuck why doesn't nobody try this ever
it blew my mind like we're you're trying
to qualify for playoffs and he seems
you're like five pointing level why I
don't get it yeah so I can explain like
the the mindset a little bit I think
that every single team has a game plan
right when they like start the game they
have a game plan and that game plan
usually starts with lane phase and the
issue is because they want the game plan
to start with lane phase if something
happens level one that's going to like
shatter that that like their vision of
how they're supposed to play the lane
phase right so level one is the only way
that you can shatter like the enemy's
vision of how they're supposed to play
their length is and if that's something
like a position that they're put in that
they're just not expecting like that's a
free advantage that you have on your
opponent so if you look to abuse I mean
in the in the meta there was so many
champions that we had that were like
triggers for like us doing level ones
like if there's a problem in the game if
there's a Gragas in the game if there's
recon if there's Shen because all these
champs can either like jump over walls
or just have like really strong little
one that you can just
you can abuse them for their strength
and I don't think it's cheese by any
means to use a tool that you have in
your toolkit to get a kill like that's
insane to me that somebody would even
call that cheese or gimmicky right it
makes no sense so what I am gathering
from what you're saying is that you're
saying you are an early game coach or
that the other coaches are also early
game coaches they just don't even think
about it so they could just do the same
thing that you do but they just don't it
sounds like he's just a coach who's
better at thinking about the early game
yeah so yes so I would say that like my
understanding of the game overall is
like very very high and depending on
every phase of the game I say that other
coaches are currently at a deficit at
understanding the early game which makes
me look better in the early game all
right well a couple shout outs if you
don't mind Travis go for it
total Warhammer - great game amazing
also it looks like you're possibly
getting an Nvidia sponsorship I don't
know they they they sponsor they did a
campaign this week
over the past week where people kind of
greened out their social media so
doublelift did this did this excedrin
I'm just answering the question because
some people were confused so it's not an
ongoing sponsorship we just did it for
this past week to help announcer their
new graphics card for this morning but
yeah that's sort of what was going on
there I already pre-ordered it okay
great well I'm happy I'll share this
clip with them good if somebody can clip
it finally a sponge you can candy Travis
it takes a second I'm producing a show
sorry go ahead and end up world peace no
I'll just say finally a sponsor I can
unleash abort gotcha
thank you so much for the support
alright moving on to the next call
before before we move on I wanted to
clarify a point or just make it
something clear so all of the early
games that we did just to be very clear
I think that the weird thing is I get
all of the credit for it really game
ever designed from team
but I just want to say that the the
concept is what I put within the team
it's not necessarily the level one
I don't create every single level one I
think like Jay has created a lot of
really good level ones who I'll use
their gamer names but who he's created a
lot of really good level ones bio Frost
has created a lot of good level ones
reign over it created a lot of like
really really strong early game routes
that like got us a lot of advantages I
think it's just something that I give
them as a mindset to focus on a very
good insight biblical I give to the sub
to assure real foxy gifted us up to tiny
pianist to go along with raging pianist
from earlier Roberto sent a hunter bits
and it's currently the bit leader if
only someone could knock them down we've
got zero one ace here zero one ace where
where are you calling from Washington
State and this is I think your first
time on the show yeah yeah well welcome
to the show what would you like to talk
about on the show tonight it's kind of
like an opinion I guess I was gonna say
I disagree on co G's decision on firings
extol because I don't think they give
him opportunity to work with a good
roster or any star players in my opinion
like the the roster you coached before
like pull belt there doublelift after
move like all those star players but
then I think when does the disaster came
once when you have like you start
changing like jungle made like swishing
to Hui and stuff but I feel like it just
all crumbled what how much of roster
changes came and then you just didn't
work with the good roster all right here
we go Tony you had shit players and
should have been fired what's your take
and then when you stop you like mediocre
and to be fair kiss you poor like why
the fuck would mark pull this guy I
think this is actually a like a pretty
large fan sentiment and so I don't know
if you actually want to address it
okay hold on I have to rethink the whole
thing can you repeat the this statement
like this list this concise statement I
think was just basically that it was a
mistake to fire you because it was you'd
had success before under rosters that
could lend themselves toward success but
oh one aces take is that the lineup here
was incapable of success because it had
weak players on it and so you were set
up for failure in a sense that this
roster was never going to be able to
find success because it it was filled
with players who couldn't be successful
okay so I created the roster yeah I was
gonna feel like it was like sort of your
decision to but yeah so that's my
decision so of course I should get fired
right if I make the roster the roster
doesn't have good results that's you
know that's just how it is right it's
not that you know me like for example if
if roster building was one of my issues
right then that is something that falls
under me so it's not like the
organization isn't enabling me cuz they
work I made the wrong decisions
apparently right because we didn't get
results it's on me it's not on them
that's all it is
so some follow-ups from that one do you
think there would ever be a system where
it's less on the coach to make those
decisions and you are more relying on
the GM and ownership or do you think
that that's just not a good recipe for
success because the coach will have the
highest game knowledge and should
theoretically know the right players to
get I think for sure the coach should
have the control yeah I think that
there's a there's its there's an
importance for sure with like the
business side like you know some trades
you just can't you can't do because
they're too costly or you just can't get
certain players because they're under
contract there's like a lot of like
small like important things for the
manager to
all my cats popping off there's there's
there's some stuff that that like the
managers have to do on the business side
that will either support or not support
the decisions you make and that's just
kind of how it is but overall I think
that uh the head coaches should have
that position or that like role that
they choose the team that they coach I
would say though that like currently the
scene could be more developed in like
for example statistics about actually
choosing roster based on stats and
actually developing stats more do you
think like let's say do you think a
player should be a part of that too like
let's say like probably and after mu he
gave probably like I met after me like
an opportunity to pick like who he
wanted to play with and what probably
wants to play with so you do you think
let's say like let's just really like
really I don't know say it let's just
say doublelift wanted to do a roster you
think that'd be a good idea to work with
a coach like that right now it's it's
question about like should you leverage
players or should you involve players on
the decisions of who to build out the
roster which we've seen multiple times
in before I mean you were talking about
how doublelift brought you on before the
start the show as as part of coach like
players who've been around for a long
time frequently have a say in these
things and that's kind of his take yeah
I think that bringing players in makes
make sense yeah and you have to
obviously like understand it for like
what it is and like not only make the
decision based on the player but you
should like take you should take what
you can from what like they say about
the roster decisions and to follow up on
the final point I think from this you
can disagree with this on a fundamental
level do you even think that you guys
were as a roster strength weaker than
other rosters in the league like whether
or not that you deserve the fall for
making it that way or not did you think
that was a problem that you guys face
just like mechanically we weren't as
good or something like that or do you
just disagree that that was was even the
problem potentially there was a lot of
games I think mechanical like
Kennex were just an issue for sure so I
would say that while I don't think that
was like necessarily the only reason we
would lose games I would say that that
was something that would have
potentially made us win games that's all
okay cool okay thank you so much indeed
for the call and thanks for being as a
bold call and I really appreciate it and
Tony didn't assign you an essay so you
know like it doesn't some people might
think that's the only way this goes down
it didn't go down that way Tony is the
high school teacher part through the
college teacher the professor okay your
high school teachers compassionate he
cares about you he wants to help you
through it the professor's like here's
your son fuck off thank you so much Oh a
nice well he left okay cool it is time
for we had two episodes yeah you guys
can go the bathroom if you want if we've
had two episode we have two episodes of
the sponsorship the only other sponsor
besides hotline League or sorry omen
that we've ever had on hotline League it
is a show that Amazon plan shop is doing
I'm gonna go ahead and put a link into
the twitch chat if you guys take a look
at that that would be very helpful I'm
gonna play a trailer for this it is a
show that they are doing about streamers
kind of reality TV style based show
they're sponsoring us so really
appreciate it and I'm gonna go ahead and
play that trailer now if it'll play I
need to find it because apparently it's
not there all right
it is a where did this trailer go
because it was supposed to play and it
did not it's a show that stars pokey
main and sorry I I hadn't you to know I
was gonna watch it on stream yeah did
you find it I'm I'm just gonna play it
on the page okay do you need me to solve
for a second
No
I think we're good cuz I have a got a
follow-up story okay here we go
let's see us I saw work
[Applause]
weddings Iman I go by pokey Pokemon 15
you made I make contact on twitch
Instagram my fans mean the world to me
you really inspired people picture with
that we're getting them a hug and I
shake steal those shaky
[Music]
[Applause]
I feel like I want to take my career
above and beyond just sitting at home
and streaming I could end up owning a
Myrtle or a makeup line
I am excited and ready
[Applause]
what's with the camera people are they
gonna be following us all the time not
all the time
well bit of the time
[Music]
and camera in the fridge
hey I recovered from not being able to
find the video pretty well hey thank you
so much to Amazon playing shop for their
sponsors hi what was in the middle of
something there thank you so much to
Arizona played shop for sponsoring the
show for the second week really
appreciate it thank you to all of you in
chat for being such wonderful people
especially the mods who helped out
there's a link that I'm going to hit go
ahead and put in the chat right now as
well put it in the earlier if you're
watching the YouTube video of the show
feel free to grab the link in the
description of YouTube that really helps
us out
and very much appreciated but I think
we're ready for the next grad mark I'll
be honest I haven't wants to show you
I've been real busy okay my girlfriend
watched it and she said it was actually
fantastic and Nick Allen is in chat
saying is fantastic so maybe actually is
pretty good yeah and I heard like is
actually really interesting because
there's like that scene where she got
the like stream of the Year award trophy
and apparently as soon as she got it
someone to start shit-talking her yeah
there's a really poignant moment at the
end of it which is what I tried to say
in the last one like it's interesting
because I think when the show started I
watched it when they streamed it live
there are you kind of think like oh it
feels very like rally TV style thing and
then they kind of get you at the end
with a really good moment and yeah of
the people that I've watched that have
watched it that are not getting paid
like arrium to say this they seem to
have said really nice things about it so
I think it's it's actually been pretty
well received anyway thank you so much I
was on playing shop moving on to the
next caller let's see who we got marks
gonna go fish them out as I shout out
Robert oh who has been sending much of
bits in Thank You Chen Z sub thief Co
subs
Bloods point set some more subs Travis
could you please ask Tony and Mark to do
a mock draft and then after argue why
they're composter superior we don't have
really time for that but I appreciate it
Hal zero eight zero eight has reset four
tiered at a tier two sub for several
months thank you so much to Kyle zero at
zero eight Moo
we have the K 272 on the show
welcome to the so k-27 to where you come
where you calling from
very good the Windy City is a very windy
there yeah why they call it in
Revelation the Windy City mark thank you
for your positivity Horace k-27 to what
do you want to talk about on the show
tonight and I think that it's entirely
possible that Team Liquid let to some
win that game because they wanted to let
them make playoffs which it's pretty
bold but I have a couple points to back
it up so okay I can get my tinfoil hat
real quick yeah alright so Reggie and
Steve always been friends and they're
both old guard owners and you know I
always like to help each other out all
the time so that's one point the
strongest point is that TSM Gabe team
liquid double lifts couple splits ago so
they could survive relegations
and so TL Odom one so they had to lose
this game to repay their debt and then
also if you look at the draft there's
just way too creative a draft for them
to actually be trying to win that game
to your same team liquids draft listen
Kali like that's just pretty troll Tony
you are frowning a lot here do you
disagree at least on the draft us issue
I think Tony bought it I think you
convinced him yeah I'd have to go back
and look at it all I I don't only watch
the game do you also I don't know if you
remember but basically a caller was
first picked and then they blinded GP
impact they matched lane so I forgot
at this point but they had their mid and
jungle or mid top and jungle taken
bottlings were completely open for both
teams there were a ton of marksmen and
support bands and then TL and the their
red side so they take Alice star and
then TSM answers with Pike and Swain and
then TL ends with Tristana and they
hovered after they chose Tristana I'm
actually so impressed that you remember
that all off the top your head it was a
really cool draft which is the main
reason how was it cool because so one a
lot of people have started blinding GP
into impact because they're not really
scared of him like they're more scared
of him playing a good tank for
doublelift and like punishing a GP so
like they tried to have the rumble
punish the GP and it didn't really work
out and then usually when people have
the first phase the same in the draft
their bans aren't super like aggressive
at targeting power picks because they
don't want to fan themselves out but
both teams actually still I kind of
banned a lot of the power picks left up
which really shrunk both samples but it
was fine
for the side of TSM because they take a
mage bot Lane which we haven't seen in a
while and then like they end up with
like three midline or div' type
champions and the GP like Swain and a
colleague and then that really fucks the
Ashe pick that TL wants because if you
take in a mobile carry with no real
protection against a GP Swain Akali you
just fucked so they try and take
Tristana so there's no there's a lot of
really smart stuff going on in the draft
by TSM to force DL into weird spots Tony
what's your take pretty pretty much the
exact same as what marks likes as far as
I I thought that like actually watching
the game I thought that the Tristana
pick was good and that actually Deluth
could have carried that game like really
hard I think that um he just made way
too many mistakes and teamfights and
then I mean I think outside of that but
what if what if the mistakes are
intentional yeah I don't think the
mistakes are intentional I don't think
there's any collusion going on I mean I
even talked it well I guess this
wouldn't really matter because you would
only answer one way but I said to double
if you're gonna be TSM today
he said yeah we're gonna we're gonna put
them in a tiebreaker and if they go on a
tiebreaker they're gonna lose because
that's what TSM does every tie breaker
which is still mostly true I think if
you go back if there was a stat you go
back and look at all the tiebreakers
that TSM has been in it's probably a
losing record um but yeah I don't think
there's any collusion going on but I
would say that I just yeah I thought
that doublelift could have carried the
game it was it was actually I really
liked watching that match because it
actually fit like there was a storyline
it was like bjergsen versus doublelift
like who can one be five like harder for
their team and then it just ended up
being beaten because double if I think
this played too much like he didn't
flash like this like basic stuff and
team fights that if he was like if he
played the game again I'm sure like that
game would be so different because he
would just wash better k-27 - in this
scenario is Peter in on the collusion
because this is my biggest issues that I
know and I don't
Tony I'm curious how tony's known Peter
for a long time - Peter is just really
bad at lying and keeping things under
wraps like you can go find a video of
him leaking kissing joining TSM by
literally screaming kissing's name into
the microphone while streaming like any
any collusion that would ever require so
my understanding I've heard recently
that in the investigation around darshan
getting poached by CLG back in like 2015
or whatever I think maybe Skaar - I
forget the situation yeah that like
Peter was one of the ways they found out
Jody's Jody's laughing
we have a counter okay two pucks so I
think it's an interview with you
actually okay
Douglas mention I doesn't even care
about money and where to get so much
money
anyone with that much money getting paid
by an org is not gonna penalty
we're sorry what was it Peter says what
secret you you interviewed when you came
back from stream when you talked about
he doesn't care about money anymore he's
made so much money oh yeah
maybe he made all that money to keep his
mouth oh I see so here we go wasn't a
year or two ago when he went onto Team
Liquid to get them out of relegation
from this whole scandal started I guess
if you're connecting the dots from a
year is it sort of like people and the
idea would be that there was a
get-out-of-jail-free card that was
purchased essentially a year ago and
that Peter received a cart like but that
seemed that would imply that TSM knew
that they were gonna kick Peter at the
end of the year and that he would end up
on Team Liquid and then yeah it was just
the double lift to TL to get them out of
relegations that got them to get out of
jail free card I don't believe this for
a second but I want to ask Tony actually
this but I enjoy the call locked away I
know I know I don't believe it but I'm
really enjoying this call so one thing
that happened is sometimes you get it's
like weird situations where like losing
a game is technically more beneficial
for you like clutch losing to echo fox
was actually better for their chance in
the gauntlet or something like that
and you get those times situations and
so like I don't know if Tony feels
comfortable talking about this I have a
story but I want to know like if Tony
and his team has ever had talks about
like should we really win this game and
like the closest they ever got to
throwing because I don't really think
teams ever actually do that
having been on one and like talk to
players and stuff but I wonder if Tony's
that really had one of those
conversations with this team
I think there's been like only one
opportunity where that's even been the
case and then we all mutually disagreed
that we should just play our hearts out
every single game that we ever play and
that one game shouldn't matter if we
want to be the best team by the end of
playoffs like we're gonna be the we're
gonna have to beat everybody in theory
right
like we're not actually gonna have to
beat everybody because you don't see the
other half of the bracket until the end
but like that's the mindset you have to
have right was yeah yeah absolutely
great
was it the game against us in summer
2015 for the number one spot we tuck we
tie broke for it and you guys fucking
felt like you rolled over and died is
that when you guys had the conversation
okay cuz cuz that's the story I was
thinking I was we tied you for first and
we knew TSM was sixth or fourth or
something I forget but either way if it
worked out how we thought it would work
out we weren't gonna end up getting TSM
and we played you guys in a tiebreaker
and like the winner gets to play we'll
probably have to play TSM and then we'd
beat you guys and we're like today even
fucking try and like we had the
conversation like do we want to risk
like this is like a good thing didn't
really know know that like the
worst-case scenario was like we decided
to do this and we fuck it all up and
then like you know we get in trouble for
this and we're like we get kicked out we
had a pretty good chance to making
worlds that split anyways so I didn't oh
yeah you remember this now I wonder what
stopped that you motherfuckers but
anyway I no no no no cuz we had that
conversation I guarantee you both of us
were both in our green rooms and we're
just both having the exact same
conversation and then it just came down
to you know guys we should just play our
hearts out and then we just fucking
played awfully play terribly and then we
just lost the game by the way I just
want to say I just want to point out
that the kt 72 or k2 72 is not the first
person who has been on the show the
other person not you know didn't say
this on the show but there's been other
people on the show before that have a
history of accusing steve of collusion
that is Kelby may in 2013 I think it was
team curse I think I think if I recall
correctly team curse lost in a like
pretty like walkie comp away at the end
of the the split - I think it was good
game University I'm trying to remember
and Kelby on Twitter was like flaming
the idea that like the the game was like
let the teams were actually tryharding
and that everything was fresh with the
curse first Dignitas literal a ram yeah
so maybe so we know that teams under
Steve have a history of collusion the
other think a 272 I would say to add to
your your narrative here is that like I
won I will say like I saw Peter later on
he really wanted to beat TSM he loved
the idea of like fucking over TSM
because it's Peter but as I see that you
should consider the fact that I am a
shill for the team owners and and it is
very likely that I am part of the
conspiracy yeah right exactly exactly
we're all in on it and we're and Mark
Martin used to work for Team Liquid and
still I think whenever I think I pay him
to a liquid email address or something
like that there's at some point in time
I was contacting him through a liquid
email address surprisingly after he was
gone and Tony is looking for a job and
if you recall at the start I don't know
if you were here before this show
started
because Tony was talking about how Peter
brought him to CLG and make got him
basically the job the coaching job on
CLG and so you were talking to three
people who would very likely be in on
this I mean I'm just I'm just saying it
adds I've just that I'm just asking
questions here mark that's all I'm doing
I'm just asking questions you know
history of throwing games in eSports
what that's true I think the last
legitimate time we ever saw anything
like that was with Actos team in Korea
there's a what she does I don't even
that happened I think more recently than
well I talked about the lead scene but
funnily enough a owner just played in an
LPL match like weeks ago do you hear
about that Tony I heard about it I
didn't watch the match no yeah he he's
actually diamond 1 or Master Tuesday's
like not god-awful but he subs himself
into the ad carry player and I was like
playing gin the final the final thing I
will say is that in the past Steve has
sent 5,000 bits to the show right now we
only have somebody the highest person
has sent 500 bits not 5,000 so if if we
see in the next five minutes
5,000 bits come in from a twitch
username we don't recognize it might
confirm your conspiracy k-27 - thank you
so much for the call yeah have a good
one
Thanks that one lasted a lot longer than
I thought it was gonna it was pretty
good upside down triangle where it's
this hotline League holy that is the
logo for this show talk to who
you put the guy no I just I couldn't
figure I was trying to click on his name
and it wouldn't let me move him so I
just I I panicked I need to get him out
of here he was telling two witty truths
I couldn't I needed to shut him down a
kataka akadama
music subbed set abour subbed Austin
earth subbed as well still no 5000 bits
but if anybody wants to hover their
cursor over the screen you can also help
me out here it's just a test if you guys
can help me test this feature you just
hover your cursor over the screen and
hit the free twitch Prime
and you send it to this show we've got
Dorking darking on the show hey Lagoon
is sent 5,000 bits it's all true darking
is on the show darking welcome welcome
we've had you on before I believe yeah
how's it going very good eye twitch sub
so thank you so much for that remind me
where you're calling from Raleigh North
Carolina there we go North Carolina what
what do you got for us tonight so I mean
we kind of talked about c9 and the
coaching decisions earlier but I kind of
wanted that like two parts to the
question I guess was do from six point
of view does he think that the meta
shift back to more of like a normal meta
kind of like help see not at all in like
their rise as well is the timing kind of
worked out and also the other half of it
being like did fixing the problems have
more of an impact versus bringing back
the star carries so I guess it's sort of
like a double part of like which do you
think was the bigger impact for c9s rise
as a c9 fan well from the outside
looking in you'd think that it would be
the change not in the meta but like of
the players like if it really did change
the players mindset to be more like open
I guess more open more competitive feel
like you have to compete like heavily
every single time that you go on stage
and every single time that you play in
scrims like to have that feeling reborn
from like a person that doesn't have the
feeling anymore will probably cause more
change than like the meta as far as
results go though I will say that
initially what I what I thought about c9
was that c9 when they started they're
like resurgence they were like kind of
playing like pretty easy comps I guess I
could say like very like easy execution
comps as far as like maybe there's like
some small subtle like nuances that are
like harder than the comps like kindred
zillion you have to like communicate
your Alti as well but like that's about
the only thing you have to communicate
when you're team fighting is just like
that small thing and outside of that the
comp is super group
at least from my point of view like you
can write if you get a single mountain
you rush barren they can't really 5050
because of the Kindred ulti trick and
they just kind of they got a lot of wins
I think playing similar comps over and
over and over
I think they kept on playing supportive
mids with Blackbird playing super
aggressive I thought that one the the
meta did favor blabber showing his
aggression he's always been a very
aggressive player if you've watched his
solo queue you just like always playing
Xin Zhao
he was like no one for being a Xin Zhao
player which is like one of the most
aggressive champs you can play so
playing is supported like supportive
champs with him in the mid lane I think
that c9 did a really good job of
recognizing blabber strengths and
utilizing him well so I think it's just
like a combination of a lot of things
but if there was a huge attitude change
from the subbing then I think that that
would be the biggest change that
improves the night okay because I
thought the one of the correlations I
noticed was also like because we they
won on the eight game win streak and
that was pretty much at the time that
the patch change I think there was like
one game they played like that really
old like crazy meta patch and then it
felt like Nikki was more locked in to
playing in DC's bottom and then we got
to see you know when like we brought
since Garen back in like he gets lately
sin which wasn't like a meta champion up
until like a week ago or Jordan started
last patch so I felt like you know when
we were kind of stuck on the I don't
know if we didn't have the patch change
I guess because I'm saying is the this
whole split stayed the crazy meta that
you know we had a mages bot and you know
or a bruiser bot I I'm just curious from
your opinion like what do you think you
know we would have seen this resurgence
for c9 or would you kids would you seen
other teams still be more towards top do
you think echo fox was kept staying like
you know who we are who Neal play every
position
Shh I'm in here really quick I actually
been like not only I think like the meta
changing helped them especially because
they weren't playing the Oldmeadow like
well at all they had like these really
really weird comps where they had like
four supported mages and an irelia top
and it's like a funnel strat that we
don't funnel and we leave this guy in
the highland talk and like yeah it's
somehow still kind of work because the
early games were nasty but there cops
always sucked late and then they would
always fail late and that's just like
how every one of their cops needs to
feel so yeah we got another Lulu and
then like what no doesn't work and so
like I think you could say the meta
change definitely helped them because I
think they probably looked even worse
than they would have looked due to the
meta but I still be with Tony largely
yeah I mean I thought like those strats
were all the liquorice backpack strats
and they just couldn't he couldn't carry
hard enough yeah but there was like
other teams allowing their top learners
to carry that didn't have them doing
that stupid like for support of mage
thing like yeah just picked a truckstop
when it was like the split push eight
rocks and that's what they did
hmm yeah like you don't you don't need
four supports to enable your top laner
like that kind of thing that's overkill
for sure does that about answer your
question yeah I guess the other part of
it would be was this you know was this
all Reapers doing or how much of it was
again I guess the the team if I had
insight into the team then I would tell
you but I mean yes I guess like the the
read I would make is I think that a
Reaper did a good job at understanding
their players like strengths and
weaknesses and then like once the new
meta changed I was Mark said and just
like kind of built comps based on that
and I think it has made them a bit more
predictable than they would like I think
that recently the thing I was impressed
by was that they brought out like a
different style with blabber and Jensen
and that it wasn't just you know like
Jensen's playing a supportive mage
while blabber displaying is super carry
like they play a dead fist trundle
instead which is like more favoring
Jensen being like the actual Kari I
think that that was a really good for
them as like a team that they're not
super predictable because when we would
draft against them I'd always I always
felt like I knew exactly what they were
going to play because they felt very
predictable and then also you could tell
based on like soloqueue and other
scouting who was gonna play that week in
like on stage so it was never really an
issue of like wow they have ten people
who are they gonna put in right well
also on Thursdays you just find out
because they're not gonna play people
from their academy team that are playing
an academy in LCS they never once did
that where it was like you know Jensen
played an academy then he played an LCS
- so there was no like real concern I'd
say that recently they've they've
definitely impressed me a lot as far as
uh you know showing they can play more
than just that one style - yeah cool
thanks thanks so much darking really
appreciate and thanks for your support
yep I've got three more colors and an
out coming up soon so we gonna run tipsy
oh seven subs Lord Meredith subbed
lagunas sent ten dollars as well as his
five thousand bits and says that was
from Steve now make this go away and
then real foxy one donated five dollars
and said join the new @ao discord real
foxy when you can feel free to share
that discord in the twitch chat if you
want raging pianist who is a person who
plays the piano has joined the call have
you have you called him before yes yes
okay well welcome back I know I mean
because I've shouted out the name so
many times as a because they're at
supporting the show through twitch
subscriptions which is fantastic where
are you calling from raging from
Brooklyn Brooklyn very good and what
would you like to talk about on the show
tonight so the last time I was on I was
talking to parth
and he wasn't coaching at the time and
he was basically talking about like I
asked him what he thought about coaching
you know the whole
environment and everything and he was
telling me how he liked funny enough now
he's on stage but he was talking about
how much he disliked it the workload
like you know how much time he has to
put into it and now he would much rather
not be a coach he'd much tried to be
like an analyst or do something else in
the organization because it's just you
know he has basically no time that
there's so much work that goes into it
and I want to know what six thinks about
the workload and you know how he feels
about his the structure of being a coach
and the amount of time you have to put
into it I like the question um so I
would say four part I'd say that well I
guess to compare both of us I'd say that
the way both of us kind of gone to the
industry is like slightly different in
the sense that like I essentially did
free work like four years to even get
considered for a position so you can
kind of tell like based on like my
dedication or my dedication and passion
of like what I'm willing to do I'm like
parsley got a free ride that's what
you're saying
yeah I'm like par through just like yo
load it no like he came from like the
the actual job market he understands
like how how things should be that if
there shouldn't be an insane workload
you should have like balance right well
like me I never have that I never had
that balance you know I went from
literally just like sitting in my room
playing video games for like 16 hours a
day and studying the game - yeah pretty
much
like I never needed the balance that's
like what it came down to so like me I
love this job because it has I guess
like higher highs than a normal job like
being a manager you don't feel like you
don't necessarily feel like it's on you
it's not like your mistake and that's
like a feeling that I hold on - like
really heavily it's like I'll I'll take
the two low lows but I'm always gonna
seek like the high highs so I'm willing
to put in 16 to 18 hours a day every
single day because it's what I love
doing and not everybody is going to want
to do that even if it's their greatest
passion right but like that's just how I
am so I'm willing to
put in the workload and that like I 100%
love this job and there's no other
Goblet getting all right so you would
say that like from what I'm taking is
accountability is very important to use
that what you're trying to say in most
sense like most people don't want to be
as accountable like they don't because
they don't if they put the time in an
effort and you know they don't put as
much as you for example you know like
you were saying and they you know if
something goes wrong they kind of want
to jump ship or something you know like
but as for you from what I'm taking is
you're more even before you were saying
you know it's my fault I recruit the
players you know I should get fired for
at like you're more accountable than
other coaches per se I wouldn't
necessarily say that like everything is
like accountability in my life I would
say that like I do value accountability
like very highly I wouldn't say that it
necessarily that defines who I am and I
guess like like in that way I think six
was talking more about dedication and
accountability I think he said like he
enjoys that it's a job with
accountability but like yeah that's what
I am like not yeah that's what I was
trying to say just didn't work up yeah
yeah like I for a period of time enjoyed
the 16 to 18 hour grind seven days a
week and I still enjoy being much busier
than the average person I like don't
have that many hobbies or other things I
do when I'm not busy so I enjoy being
busy but it's definitely a little much
for me
but that's also I also ended on a really
bad note where I was not happy yeah I
think it's like that
what is it the Batman quote it's like
you either die a hero or you live long
enough to become the villain like that's
kind of how like I imagine my career's
gonna end it is like I'm gonna be the
one that that lives so long until I
eventually become the villain and I'm
pushed out Tony do you gain wisdom or
life thoughts from anything other than
superhero movie quotes cuz I think you
said the great power comes great
responsibility thing I went there
they're really good quotes and also
that's Voltaire too it's not just
spider-man
okay question for Tony how many sports
movies do you watch and how much do you
pull on those for coaching philosophies
as well as like real world coaches uh
sports movies I don't watch hardly any
uh I mean I've watched like all of the
big ones and like at least like one or
two times did you watch miracle no all
right I've seen miracle this is this I
talked to a narrow thing about this last
week like I think that's the movie
everyone in it should be like forced to
watch because it's it's like literally
the story of any verse Korea / the world
and it's like obviously it's not gonna
translate one to one but but like watch
that shit with your team and then be
like all right let's go play 4,000 hours
now in the next now I think I think na
should watch lost in translation one of
my favorite movies I think it's it's
much better representation it's just you
know the West going over to Korea Asia
China and in the movie it's Japan just
feeling out of place not knowing who
they are just trying to figure out you
know like a connection with another
human being
people saying miracle it was like based
on true story it's like nearly a hundred
percent true like yeah almost everything
that movie was was like correct and they
even cut out some of the more
inspirational stuff because like they
wanted it to climax at the right right
time it's like it's it's unreal look
they start a training camp like months
earlier than any team in like this in a
big friend a like American like history
started training camps they like fucking
worked harder than anybody they like
took psychology tests and stuff like
it's fucking crazy awesome translation
starts Bill Murray and not gonna help at
all with Scarlett Johansson that's for
breakout cells right Sophia Coppola man
movies I at least tied it into the levy
and coaching outside of that there's
there's this one really really good book
that's called the captain's class that I
I think about a lot because I think well
basically the the concept of the book is
that
it the guy searched through all of the
top teams of all time like the all-time
greatest teams in in like a bunch of
sports and like the first chapters are
Barrett basically about how how he
determined to each team like which teams
were the greatest and he looked at what
the team's had in common and pretty much
the book is about explaining to you all
of the traits that the team had in
common which all came down to
essentially like a team captain and a
team captain that had specific traits
like he was always willing to like push
the rules to maybe get like an extra
like 2% on like winning the game like
I'm not gonna say that I'm not gonna
tell a player that they should be
thinking about a way that they could
pause the game in game but that would be
like the League of Legends example is
like if a player this is gonna be really
absurd so I'm just gonna make it absurd
if a player took a laxative before the
game and said in case in case I need to
pause the game I have this as an excuse
is it better to say they spill their
water on their keyboard cuz that's or
something like that there's a spill the
water on the keyboard was actually a
thing for a while yeah like like that is
a good example but that would also only
really they just instantly clean it up
and then it would be like whatever but
you know would not instantly clean up
the laxatives you're right
they would not act they would not clean
up especially if it happens on stage
yeah well they probably would have to
clean it up later but anyway you get the
point the point is essentially like
that's one of the traits and there's a
whole bunch of other traits that are
like really important to that they say
is really important for like a team
captain especially to have that will
elevate the team to like a newer height
yeah okay we're running out of time
raging penis so we have to move on but
thank you so much for your call thank
you very much very inspirational thanks
did we lose somebody mark nope okay we
almost lost mark SHINee froakie sub for
reset for six months and says six months
of that sweet sensual Travis thank you
the elite is here by the way real quick
elite sorry I'd I guess it just one sec
mark did we lose somebody no I don't
think so I thought that there were two
people in the waiting room the elite is
here Lily where you come from
I'm calling from Lexington Kentucky
Lexington Kentucky yep what do you want
to talk about on the show tonight
basically I think that the whole idea of
the seven man roster is something that's
only beneficial and a short term view
and I don't think that it's gonna really
provide anything after you know we've
seen it a couple times and I think that
you could fix it potentially by doing
your picks and bans first and then
deciding who plays the game yeah I had a
I had a tweet about this I think it was
it was like three months ago from a guy
in Lexington Kentucky no no no I told
you tweeted yeah I tweeted this I was
like how interesting would it be if you
do the drop first and then you could
choose what players go in right and then
I realized how you could abused that and
decide it probably it wasn't a good idea
how could you abuse it but like everyone
can have use it then really isn't it
fair
well it might even it might not lead to
a better situation like hey let's let's
remove the traffic laws now everyone can
drive everywhere and it's like no that's
that's fair but it's fucking awful
starting with go to your point on you
it's I mean it it's a change overall
that wouldn't be healthy because teams
would essentially have infinite champion
pools or let's say you hired five won
tricks and now you're essentially
forcing a team to ban let's say you have
like you have revenge you're like a
really good ribbon player right and like
his ribbons so good that he's going to
demolish even LCS players in most
matchups right now every single time
that you enter a lobby you're like huh
to ban ribbon right and like you get
enough of those types of players and
like what can they do right like they
have three bands in the beginning
there's so many Opie's right on red side
you have to in some cases ban Opie's so
it's yeah it's potentially like really
damaging for that reason but I think
whether it is there is some potential to
it that could make it good but I think
that it good we're not talking about
like infinite rosters though I mean it's
still just a seven man roster and if you
put like on your seven man roster five
one tricks I think you're gonna have a
really bad team yeah so you're saying
seven man roster implying work because
it is a world-leading seven man I think
it's six man no six-man the seven men
thing was a test for like any kind of
thing I think okay I mean keep it six
man roster
either way then that's okay but then I
think that that gives like really strong
advantages to the teams that use the six
man well which then maybe it's fine but
the issue is currently the NA LCS would
be an absolute shit fest because it's
not seven man or six man rosters it
would be a ten man roster you can sub in
all you can sub in your entire Academy
team into anything else yes if you
wanted to think about how angry c9 fans
would be then no I mean like you could
see it so I'll click say two things you
could theoretically make this work if on
game day you submit a six-man roster and
you can pull that from any of your 10
man roster it's a six man yeah yeah okay
that's fine but I think anything past
six like just breaks the draft phase and
that's that that what you're doing with
this is you're trying to make subs more
important for some reason at the cost of
the draft phase because like Tony's
saying like okay I'll just get to one
tricks and now two of your bands have to
be these one tricks or maybe they don't
but like that's suddenly changing it to
like I'm trying to develop a cohesive
strategy better so I expect this
five-man group to be versus like my
draft base becomes just ban out the
generic
power picks because who knows what
they're gonna swap in and then ban out
the really specific one tricks and then
you never get to see them and all
they're doing is taking eating dance so
he literally hired so onto Forces teams
to ban things and like you neither of
those are helping substitution like
those aren't helping subs either like
you're not actually fixing the problem
but you're also assuming that every team
is just gonna hire a one-trick like it
takes c9 for example where you have you
know golden glue I mean how often is he
really gonna sub in for Jensen I mean
occasionally sure and you know maybe
it's worked in the past but that doesn't
mean that it's something that you're
gonna keep doing on a regular basis
people are gonna realize gold and blues
champions and things like that yeah but
I'm not gonna hire golden glue I'm gonna
hire haizen dog or I'm gonna hire
revenge or I'm gonna hire Tarzan and
like those the guys I get okay but I
mean take it in this way though if you
do get a golden blue and someone who can
have a decent sized champion pool and
then you can say okay now we just want
you to really spam certain champions
that are hard something that no is a
hard counter to say you I don't know a
hard counter to fizz that we want and we
have a really hard time with fizz I want
you to spam this champion that
counterspies really hard and now if
we're on red side Oh awesome
we can use this this hard counter yeah
so I think for that purpose I mean so to
take it away from the one trick
conversation now so I think we've said
all of our points on that I think for
let's say counter picks for example
right you have one player that does like
he's a mid laner that only does blind
picks and then one that only does
counter picks and he only practices
counter picks then essentially I mean
then it could it could make sense or it
could be okay but I still don't see the
benefit I guess of being able to do that
because you're still not training a
better substitute like you're not making
that better by making him only practice
counter picks and then he also won't
have as much scrim time as the the other
guy hypothetically here so like I don't
even think you're necessarily solving
the problem that you perceive of
like seven man things being a flash in
the pan this way I think this would also
be an issue because I remember one of
the reasons they've said that they don't
want to increase the amount of subs you
can bring to Worlds is that different
regions have different budgets and
player pools and all that stuff and so
the idea that you would be able to sub
teams in there are probably regions that
are sorry sub players in after you know
there's probably regions that would gain
a pretty inherent advantage just because
of the fact that they have access to
more players either through budget or
through the player base or whatever in
that region am I wrong
no I think it seems like a region like
Vietnam is an example that they're more
concerned I know we think a lot about na
but like those kinds of regions that are
not super lucrative and you're trying to
scrape by and then you have to bring
seven men on to a nursery or something
is not great I think that's that's the
line of thinking is like it's about the
five guys in the team that they become
more often than not though so I don't
understand it so earlier in the show we
were talking about you know how you want
a team to be more cohesive and stuff
like this and I don't see this goes
against something like that you you want
your backups to feel like they're
contributing and you want them to feel
like they have a role I mean I don't see
I feel like this is a good role for
backups to fill in the league yeah I
mean I think like it depends what
perspective you're talking about here
like I do think the substitute player is
is now more conjoined with the group I
would agree with that but like that guy
is not a better Academy player he's not
a better starter he's not a more
well-rounded individual because of this
system I would argue so then what
happens when you get a player who can
contend for a starting spot on another
team but they're sitting behind someone
like bjergsen or Jensen well hopefully
they're making beer extended Jensen
better to by pushing them talking with
them being incorporated it's the main
Ross like what Golding blue and Jensen
are doing hopefully is is the goal I
think yeah that would be the goal okay
hey thank you so much we're actually
running low on time we're a little bit
over our limit but
I appreciate the call thank you so much
thanks for talking with me yeah have a
good one right and that about wraps up
the show mark what do you got for us
here at the end I told you how to hard
out of ten Travis well I mean but I
don't I can't go back in time
give me my I wanted to to get your guys
thoughts on some of the teams that
didn't make it I won't be singing
anymore this is split got golden
Guardians optic and CLG right we can
talk about this into the show - Travis
if you want sure I mean I even a thing
yeah pretty good it feels a really like
a really good time to bring it up now
but I do think it you said you had a
heart out and we are we are getting
later yeah I don't think we cover that
in five minutes yeah so other than that
rest of these teams I still want to talk
about it because there's some juicy shit
about a lot of those teams and what does
that mean you forgot to say clutch by
the way you said 30 teams and I was
thinking the whole time no clutch can
still make it through gauntlet clutch
can technically oh you're right because
I like west losses in quarters they
still have the more points than them Wow
interesting okay they're gonna win
worlds did you see how they looked last
week - yeah they're good they're ready
to go
they have a chance but anyways I heard
some some interesting stuff about which
team sometimes I'll tease it for next
week guys you know you're gonna drop
you're gonna drop some stuff just like
come on bro stuff oh but some stuff that
hasn't isn't out there right now right
now and they're gonna I mean like I have
in the past open my mouth about rumors
or gossip I've heard that is pretty
substantiative and this is another thing
that I think okay well we're gonna have
Kobe on the show probably next week so
we'll see if it's gonna get weird
perfect it's not about Kobe so it's
probably not gonna get weird okay mark
you got anything to plug anything to put
out there
nope I'm gonna play a fuckload away
tonight and then that's about it sorry
nope I have nothing to say it was you
got nothing
okay fine I'll say stuff I was surprised
that I didn't get a bunch of really
negative or ridiculous questions like
well you want you got a couple one of
them was I think mark did a good job at
making sure that questions kept the
episode interesting mark did you get
were there options there like insulting
callers that I pulled for Tony I
generally speaking people you'd be
surprised generally speaking people are
afraid and parth was you know he he did
a number on this audience they're never
gonna but like generally speaking people
are - they're not confrontational
they're confrontational on reddit and
then they come on the show and the most
they ever do is like well I just don't I
don't see that lit that way respectfully
you know yeah I mean that guy who said
like you got you should've got five
because your players sucked basically
like you know that was the closest thing
we had and I think you navigated most or
except for that one time we had a
journalist on the show who yes that's
funny yeah all right other than that
thank you so much - Tony thank you so
much - mark I really appreciate you
coming on Tony it's great for all those
that don't know Tony like basically
refuses to do content and has for years
because he's afraid he's gonna say
something that will give somebody else
an edge but now his people which yeah in
it now but he's got nothing to lose now
so he can come on the show and just
share a bunch of stuff you scared your
cat just now when he left
you can't like yeah well either way
thanks so much to Tony for me playmakers
episode 4 comes out tomorrow that's
going on hotline link will go up I'm
going to Vancouver this week for Ti so
I'll be in Vancouver until Friday night
come back for League of Legends of this
coming weekend and a lot of new people a
lot of new faces
in the chat please give the channel a
follow if you are yeah
oh really quickly thank you too matcom
for the bits blue two seven four four
three four the sub and jingle 1996 stick
around I'm going to be on the stream for
a little bit longer and that is hotline
League episode 41